Our set up function is complete.
We're now going to start to write out some tests around our order created.
Listener So we'll throw down a first test right here.
What do we really care about testing here?
Well, we probably really want to make sure that we take the ticket and we set its ID or the order ID
property equal to whatever the order ID was out of the data object.
That's the big goal here.
That's what we're really trying to do.
We also, of course, care about acting the message as well, assuming everything goes as expected.
So we're going to write out to success case tests.
Once again, we'll say it sets the user ID of the ticket.
We'll do one test for that.
And then another test to say that it calls the message or I think in our previous test, we just simply
said axe the message just to be a little bit more concise.
Okay.
So our first test right here, we'll call our setup function.
It is an async function.
We'll just make sure that we use the awake keyword on it.
We'll pull out the listener ticket data and message.
From a wait setup.
Looks good.
So we're then going to take our listeners on message function and call it with the data and message
arguments.
So await listener on message, pass in data and message.
Then we can write out our expectation.
So in this case, we want to reach into our database once again.
We want to find the ticket that has presumably been updated inside there, and then just make sure that
the ticket has its user or order ID property set.
Now, the ticket that we already have inside of here, that is an out of date ticket document.
Presumably we have already written an updated version back into our data collection or the collection
of all of our different tickets.
So we do have to re fetch this thing.
We'll say updated ticket.
Is a wait ticket find by ID.
We want to find the ticket with the same ID as the one we have right here.
But again, we have to re fetch this thing because it has some out of date data.
So we'll then take a look at the updated ticket and just make sure that it's audited property is set.
That's it.
They'll do and expect.
Updated ticket, exclamation.
Order ID.
To equal the data objects ID.
So data ID and again, data ID is the ID of the order that we had just created.
And that should be it.
So let's save this.
We'll go back over to our terminal and start up our test suite inside of our tickets service.
I still have the test going for my order service right here.
I'm going to close all that stuff down because they're really focused on the ticket service right now.
I'll go back over two tickets to an NPN run test and we'll see how we're doing now.
We might see some other failures inside of here or all those kind of same versioning issues around our
handlers we saw a little bit ago.
So some other stuff is failing.
That's okay.
Looks like we're okay in this case, however.
So that looks fantastic.
And I just want to find my listener test right there in particular.
Let's filter our test and just run the listener one.
So I'll do a P and then listener.
And they'll make sure that that thing fails as usual.
I know the steps seems kind of arbitrary and not important, but you would be surprised how often you
can actually capture a little mistakes in your testing by making sure that stuff actually does fail.
So I will comment that thing out now.
We should not be sending the order ID property at all, and we do in fact see this thing fail.
So that's fantastic.
Okay.
Back to working.
Let's now also take care of making sure that we act the message as well.
We're going to again do the setup step.
Copy, paste that down.
We're going to call on message once again.
Copy.
Paste that down.
And then we can take a look at the message property and just make sure it was invoked.
So expect message to have been dealt.
So I'm going to save that.
Passes.
Comment out on message.
Save it.
Bales.
Everything is good to go.
Cool.
All right.
Well, I'd say that our order created listener looks pretty reasonable.
But there might be one or two other things we want to take care of inside of here.
So let's take a quick pause to kind of walk through this entire workflow of resolving a ticket or reserving
a ticket and some things we might want to do along that process.